<h2>Reading a report configuration</h2>
To read a report configuration, you simply send an HTTP request using the GET method on the report's configuration URI. No body is required, and if one is included, it is ignored.  

The HTTP response will have a status code of 200.  

The format of this **Report Configuration View** object has the same basic fields as Report Configuration Update, but includes two new fields: configuration ID and status.  

Field | JSON name | Value  
------|-----------|---------
Configuration ID | configId | Long  
Status | status | String; See Status section for allowed values  

<h3>Configuration ID</h3>  
For a given transponder, the server assigns a unique ID number, called the Configuration ID, to each new report configuration it receives through the API. The configuration ID provides a way to keep track of the set of configuration values that cause a report of that type to be generated, and identifies the optional data to include in the report (if any).  

Since most applications will benefit from having this ID number, it is recommended practice that once a PUT command is sent with a new report configuration, it should be followed with a matching GET command to retrieve the ID assigned to the configuration.  

Perhaps even more importantly, when report data generated by the transponder is retrieved from the server using the API, this data includes the Configuration ID of the configuration that was in effect when the report was generated. This matters, for example, if a threshold change is required for the Overspeeding report. The next time an Overspeeding report is received, how does the API user know which threshold setting was in effect for this report? The Configuration ID in the report data is the key.  

<h3>Status</h3>
When the API is used to send a new report configuration to the server, that configuration does not immediately take effect. There is a period of time during which the existing configuration on the transponder continues to be in effect, until the next time the transponder connects to the server and receives the new configuration. In general, the transponder connects to the server anytime there is new report data ready to be uploaded. When reading back a report configuration, a 'status' field reflects whether or not the transponder is actually running the report.  

Status Value | Desrcription
-------------|-------------
PENDING_ACTIVATION | Configuration has been received by the server, but has not yet been sent down to the transponder.  
ACTIVATED | Configuration has been sent down to the transponder and is now being used.  
PENDING_DEACTIVATION | A request to disable this configuration has been received by the server, but has not yet been sent down to the transponder.  
DEACTIVATED | Configuration is no longer being used by the transponder.  

### Usage Example  
To continue our last example, we will read back the Overspeeding configuration we recently created.  

##### HTTP request:  
```javascript
GET https://api.carmalink.com:8282/v1/159821/report_config/overspeeding  
```

##### HTTP response body:  
```javascript  
{  
  "configId" : 397746,  
  "status" : "PENDING_ACTIVATION",  
  "threshold" : 160.0,  
  "allowance" : 5000,  
  "location" : true,  
  "buzzer" : "HIGH",  
  "optionalParams" : [ "BATTERY_VOLTAGE", "ODOMETER" ]  
}   
```

--
[:fast_forward: Next Section: **Disabling a report configuration**](/disablingReportConfig.md)
