<h2>Report Configuration</h2>  
CarmaLink behavior is specified through the API by a set of report and general configurations. In addition to specifying the generation of report data for later analysis, report configuration also controls the behavior of real-time in-vehicle audible driver alerts, which are emitted from a buzzer built into the CarmaLink.  
  
An application manages these configurations by using the following methods.  

### General Configuration  
In order for certain values reported by CarmaLink to be accurate, the correct engine fuel type and displacement must be configured. Clients can do so using the general configuration resource. The general configuration resource is a simple resource located directly under the carmalink resource in the API hierarchy:  
  
```text
Methods: GET|PUT  
Resource: /v1/<serial>/report_config/general_config
```
  
Clients can configure the resource by sending a json object with the following structure:  
  
**General Configuration Update Object**  
```javascript
{  
  "fuel" : "FUEL_GASOLINE",  
  "displacement" : 1.7  
}
```
  
! General configurations must be sent as a complete set of fuel type and displacement. Partial information such as just fuel type or just engine displacement will return an error. If displacement is not known, choose a nominal value of 2.0.  
  
It is recommended to set the general configuration before other reports as fuel type may be required by those reports.  
  
Valid values for "fuel" are "FUEL_GASOLINE" and "FUEL_DIESEL", and the "displacement" member is in litres.  

When a GET request is made to the general_config resource, a similar javascript object is returned, but including an additional field for the configuration status of the object with respect to the CarmaLink:  
  
**General Configuration View Object**  
```javascript
{  
  "fuel" : "FUEL_GASOLINE",  
  "displacement" : 1.7,  
  "status": "PENDING_ACTIVATION"  
 }
```
  
If no general configuration has been set for a CarmaLink, the general configuration view will have all null values.  
  
*All methods are formed off the base URI `/v1/[serial]/report_config`  
*In the case that a CarmaLink is not found for a given serial number, an error response will be returned  
  
### Buzzer Configuration  
When the buzzer configuration is updated, the configId does not change as the nature of the information sent back in the report is unaffected.  
  
The buzzer is a real-time, in-car audible signal generated by the CarmaLink in response to event conditions. Allowed values for the buzzer configuration are high, medium or off, a setting of high is suggested. Audible alerts in-car may present a distraction and Carma is not liable for an incorrect buzzer volume selection.  
  
[Next Section: Configuration Data Create / Update Commands - PUT](https://github.com/CarmaSys/CarmaLinkAPI/blob/1.4/configurationDataCreateUpdateCommandsPUT.md)
