## Retrieving report data  
Report data is retrieved from the API using a GET request on the report's data URI. The response will include a reverse-chronological sorted list of up to 50 of the most recent Report Data objects for the given report type. To modify the scope of the data returned you'll need to include a query string that contains one or more of the parameters described in the next section.  

### Filtering  
There are four optional query parameters that can be used in a report data request:  
Parameter | Description  
----------|-------------  
`before=<time_milliseconds>` |	The POSIX time in milliseconds after which no newer data should be returned (exclusive, default is current time)  
`since=<time_milliseconds>` |	The POSIX time in milliseconds before which no older data should be returned (exclusive, default is 0)  
`limit=<integer>` |	The maximum number of reports to display (default is 50, maximum is 250)  
`offset=<integer>` |	The number of most recent reports to ignore in the returned data (default is 0, maximum is 100)  

Generally speaking:  
* To view older report data, you must use the 'before' parameter.  
* To prevent older report data from being displayed, you must use the 'since' parameter.  
* You don't really need to use limit or offset if you don't want to: they just define the window of data returned, and the default values are fine for most use cases.  

It is important to note that the device sends data to the server in chronological order: if you've already cached all of a device's report data up to a certain reportTimestamp, you only need to look for newer data (using the 'since' query parameter).  

### Usage Example  
Lets continue the overspeed example by retrieving reports generated by the previously set configurations. To keep things readable, we'll set our limit to 2.  

HTTP request  
```javascript
GET https://api.carmalink.com:8282/v1/159821/data/overspeeding?limit=2
```
--
HTTP response  
```javascript
[ {
  "serial" : 159821,
  "configId" : 397748,
  "eventStart" : 1424892534780,
  "reportTimestamp" : 1424892671547,
  "duration" : 136767,
  "maxSpeed" : 167.83311,
  "location" : {
    "longitude" : -73.7484163,
    "latitude" : 42.646026,
    "accuracy" : 3.1750002,
    "heading" : 3.8220398,
    "speed" : 157.23816,
    "gpsTimestamp" : 1424892670832
  },
  "optionalParams" : {
    "odometer" : 137718.0,
    "batteryVoltage" : 14.207415
  }
 }, {
  "serial" : 159821,
  "configId" : 397748,
  "eventStart" : 1424891923207,
  "reportTimestamp" : 1424891981804,
  "duration" : 58597,
  "maxSpeed" : 163.214,
  "location" : {
    "longitude" : -73.85483339999999,
    "latitude" : 42.6265454,
    "accuracy" : 2.3470001,
    "heading" : 200.91467,
    "speed" : 153.432966,
    "gpsTimestamp" : 1424891981655
  },
  "optionalParams" : {
    "odometer" : 137622.0,
    "batteryVoltage" : 14.591832
  }
} ]
```  
--
Because this request returns the number of reports defined by our limit, this means that there are still order reports to be examined. Lets continue going back in time using the 'before' query parameter:  
HTTP request  
```javascript
GET https://api.carmalink.com:8282/v1/159821/data/overspeeding?limit=2&before=1424891981804
```
--
HTTP response  
```javascript  
[ {
  "serial" : 159821,
  "configId" : 397746,
  "eventStart" : 1424891888496,
  "reportTimestamp" : 1424891902108,
  "duration" : 13612,
  "maxSpeed" : 166.41976,
  "location" : {
    "longitude" : -73.8582004,
    "latitude" : 42.6378378,
    "accuracy" : 2.2610002,
    "heading" : 124.224815,
    "speed" : 156.543774,
    "gpsTimestamp" : 1424891902063
  },
  "optionalParams" : {
    "odometer" : 137601.0,
    "batteryVoltage" : 14.591832
  }
} ]
```  
Note that because we received less reports than our limit, this is the oldest Overspeeding report that exists for this device!  

### Getting all report data  
The previous example touches on how you would go about getting all data for a given type of report: basically, you want to keep setting your "before" query value to the oldest reportTimestamp you've captured until you have a response with less than the maximum ("limit") number of reports.  
